welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a mystery
drama film from 2015 titled circle
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
a soft light comes on revealing people
standing in a circle unconscious
suddenly a young woman wakes up she
calls out but no one answers
she tries to move in front of herself
but a buzzer rings
she sees that she's standing on a red
circle she tries to move behind
but the buzzer rings again she tries to
touch the soldier next to
her but the buzzer rings for that too
there's a circle glowing on her hand
a man from the other side of the room
tells her to stop moving
he says they can see us she asks
questions he can only guess the answers
to
another woman wakes up panicked he tries
to calm her
but she moves in a beam of electricity
shooting from the middle of the circle
of people kills her
suddenly the lights come on and everyone
wakes one man dies instantly
the first man tells everyone to stop
moving while a cop is looking for his
gun
he tells everyone to stand still and not
to touch anyone
a beeping sound can be heard and one of
the men that was killed gets dragged
away as his hand glows as well
the beeping continues and the electrical
charge starts building
it kills the first man before he can
speak again everyone is panicking now
but as they are calming down the guy in
the hat figures out that he's
controlling the lights on the floor
the light stops in front of a woman and
the electricity zaps her
as the others ask what's going on the
guy in the hat tells them to see how
they can change the lights on the floor
everyone tries for his instruction and
they realize they can only see the light
they are controlling
the hat guy says that they are the ones
that choose who dies
the beeping starts and another person
gets zapped the beeping starts again as
the pregnant woman looks around trying
to figure out what is happening
the electricity zaps again and she says
that they are actually voting
she says that they're killing off
whomever gets the most votes and that
they choose by closing their hands
someone suggests they all vote for the
dead one and they all agree
as the beeping is underway when it stops
someone gets zapped regardless
the next time it beeps they all try not
voting suddenly all of the pointer
lights come on and someone still gets
zapped
the guy in the blue hoodie tells
everyone to be quiet and suggest they
develop a strategy
so they are able to figure out their
situation and stop what's happening to
them
his suggestion to kill the older people
first
hat guy agrees but not everyone else
blue hoodie
says they should start with the first
one on his right and kill them off
clockwise
pregnant lady disagrees but no one has a
better idea
the beeping continues and the first old
man begs but the zapper gets him
since the majority agrees with blue
hoodie's strategy they try to figure out
what's happening to them
they ask the soldier thinking he might
know what it is like an alien invasion
or something similar
but he's just as confused as the rest of
them a man in the back starts speaking
about what he remembers from before he
woke up there
he is remembering being stuck in a
traffic jam then running before
everything went dark
a few others say they remember the same
thing the beeping starts again and they
vote for the second old person
the guy remembers being pulled up in a
ship he also remembers a red room with
bodies piled up which he now thinks
weren't dead
but actually drugged they all vote for
the third old person
as they continue their conversation the
fourth old person says he also remembers
something
maybe the aliens how they spoke and what
they look like
some of the people don't believe him
thinking he's lying to save himself
but he gets zapped hat guy asks who'll
be the next in line to get zapped
they point to the hat lady asking her
how old she is
the fact that she's only 52 changes the
minds of the others
she tells them that she had cancer but
she beat it blue hoodie thinks that
since she is more likely to die than the
rest of them
she should be next a doctor interjects
saying that's not true
to that blue hoodie says that since
she's over 50 she needs to go
but some of the others disagree
wondering how low the age limit would
get eventually
blue hoodie tries to convince them of
his strategy to no avail
they kill him cancer lady suggests that
they should start figuring out why they
were chosen for the circle
though some of the others think that it
was a random scenario
she says that they should try to learn
more about each other beth goes first
and tells the others about herself
as she speaks the beeping starts again
and she gets sapped
after that most of the people think that
they should not share their names and
they're apprehensive about sharing
anything else too
craig goes next regardless saying that
the woman on his left is his wife
someone asks who else knows each other
and a man from the back speaks up
saying he knows the doctor the two of
them don't want to share how they know
each other though
craig continues begging the people not
to kill his wife
the beeping continues and another zap
happens next they ask the hispanic man
to speak
but he doesn't understand english the
woman behind him says she'll translate
she asks him about his family and he
says that he has three daughters down in
mexico
red tie man starts the conversation
about illegal immigrants but the man in
the flannel shirt asks him if he would
need a green card to get abducted by
aliens
they tell the translator to ask him if
he was in the us legally and he says no
the beeping continues but it zaps a
young girl in the front row
to the surprise of some the cop
recognizes a guy from the front row role
because he beat up his own girlfriend
cancer lady asks if he's sure it was him
the exchange between the cop and raul
becomes more about profiling and
prejudice than about what he could have
possibly done for the cop to know him
when they start asking if he did beat up
his girlfriend he says that she got what
she deserved
next round raul gets sapped after that
the blonde from the front row says that
maybe they're supposed to figure out
who's good and who's bad
she says there must be a reason why
they're there but the man next to her
doesn't agree
saying that maybe the whole point is for
them to kill each other while the aliens
watch
however the blonde guy behind her
interprets her question is figuring out
who deserves to live
so they wonder what they should base it
on while the beeping continues
it zaps the muslim woman from the front
row the african-american man asks the
racial question and stirs the
conversation
the white people at first say that in
that room nothing is fair and the other
african americans tell him not to
continue with the conversation
because he will only make himself a
target hat guy agrees with him
the question reveals how people actually
feel about race
the cop is the next one to speak
revealing his racism and prejudice
the beeper starts the cop dies the
soldier thinks that they shouldn't talk
about their opinions and prejudices
but the african-american man disagrees
saying everything should be on the table
the soldier and the translator say that
they shouldn't turn on each other and
instead try to figure out what is
happening to them
the next time they vote they try voting
for themselves but it doesn't work
so they try voting for the person next
to them someone still gets zapped
because somebody made a mistake
they try the same thing again and the
pregnant woman helps the kid next to her
suddenly the pregnant girl and a man are
chosen so everyone votes again
the man gets zapped the guy from the
back says he voted for the man
because he saw him voting for the
pregnant girl he says that the way the
game was designed
in the end it will get down to the
pregnant girl or the kid to that the
blonde guy from the second row replies
that if they get rid of them
everyone will have a better chance the
guy in the flannel shirt says that it
should be one of them to walk out but
red tai disagrees
cancer lady says that the pregnant girl
counts as two people
the voting begins and it's another tie
between an older woman and a kid
they vote for the lady the guy from the
back and the soldier think that they
should protect the two of them
but the man with the glasses wants to
know what they're like first
he asks the kid questions when the
voting begins and it's another tie
between the pregnant girl and the kid
the guy standing behind them says to
kill them both
but he gets zapped instead craig
suggests they should ask for volunteers
they go around the circle but no one
steps up until a teenager says he'll
volunteer
they argue if they should ask him why he
would do it eventually he does answer
saying he doesn't want to kill anyone
flannel shirt says that he's a kid and
that it's not fair to let him do it
red tie and glasses man disagree so hey
ask if he's sure
an older gentleman from the back
volunteers in his stead and when the
beeping starts
he walks off from his circle red tie and
glasses still insist they should ask for
volunteers
but they're not willing to do it
themselves flannel guy thinks that
everyone except the pregnant girl should
step forward glasses ask the teenager if
he still wants to do it and after the
beeping
he steps out and dies next everyone
expects the soldier to volunteer
but he doesn't want to because he thinks
he's sacrificed enough in his life
he wants to get back to his family and
meet his kid time is running out and
they wait for a volunteer
a woman from the back does it because
she's lost her son
the deacon tells her that she will see
him again she says goodbye and walks out
of her circle
the man in the black suit antagonizes
him when they find out he's a deacon
they finally reach the religion question
the man in the black suit tells them
that they have only one god now and it's
the zapper
he gets mad and tries to find the other
atheists in the circle
the beeping starts and he thinks they'll
all choose him both him and another girl
are chosen
she gets zapped he continues to
antagonize everyone
by asking the blonde next to him if
she's a porn star
she says no but he keeps pushing her and
offending her
the next voting round comes up and he
dies while the blonde is crying
glasses man says that they should take
into account if some of them have
children
craig says that him and his wife have a
daughter glasses thinks that the ones
that don't have children should
sacrifice themselves
red time man asks a woman from the back
if she has any kids or a husband
but she throws the question back at him
while he's answering another girl gets
zapped
then the woman tells them about her life
and they find out that she's gay
red tie is clearly a homophobe and the
others take offense to what he's saying
so in the next voting round he dies
blonde guy asks what happens at the end
when only two are left
would they tie so the guy in the back
suggests that one of the two wouldn't
vote and would effectively be
sacrificing himself
flannel guy says that he would sacrifice
himself and cancer lady implies that
they should pick someone they would
trust to make the right decision
the translator says that no one can be
trusted blonde guy says that they all
should decide
the blonde woman asks what happens if it
comes down to the two of them
the doctor says they could decide for
them the voting is underway in her and
the man that knows her are tied
they died together the blonde guy is
convinced that they should decide who
out of the two of them should die
but the soldier thinks he's just
manipulating everybody to get rid of
both the pregnant girl and the kid
craig asks who would they choose out of
the two then glasses ask the pregnant
girl what she does for work
the others don't think it's a fair
question as he continues explaining that
it's important to know who contributes
more to society out of them
the translator says that what's
important is that she's pregnant
glasses antagonizes the pregnant girl
when another voting round starts and
kills hat guy
flannel asks glasses what he does and he
answers that he's a banker and a
contributing member to society
glasses antagonizes all of them but the
translator gets zapped
most of the people think that the
hispanic man should be next when the man
from the back says that one side killed
the translator because she would never
vote for the kid or the pregnant girl
now that the question of sides is raised
they start counting each other to see
which one stands where
who will be the ones to vote for the
girls and who won't the vote begins and
the kid
and the hispanic manti he sees what's
happening and he sacrifices himself for
the girl
glasses antagonizes the soldier and he
aligns with the side that wants to kill
the two girls
him and the blonde guy get the couple
and the african-american man on their
side
the voting starts the kid is in a tie
again but this time with glasses
the african-american man and the blonde
man say that they should let him both
die
but only glasses dies because the wife
changes her vote
they find out it was her but she says
that she didn't change it she just
didn't vote
flannel guy says that they all know that
they will die and then it's better to go
out with some dignity
craig thinks that he's implying that the
kid should die and the pregnant girl
should remain last
the blonde guy wants to get the blonde
woman on his side but when he can't he
says that they should vote for the
flannel guy so that they could even
things out and have more time to talk
about everything
they vote for the flannel guy next they
try to find the majority for each group
so the soldier suggests they vote for
the wife to test the husband
at the last second craig switches his
vote and the soldier says that they all
vote for the african-american man
after he dies the blonde guy gets angry
at craig and says that they're probably
not even married
trying to turn everyone else against
them they all start asking them
questions
but the wife caves when one of the women
asks for his name
she doesn't even remember when he said
it before craig caves and says it was
her idea
but they still kill him the fake wife
tells them that she didn't lie about her
kid
the blonde guy keeps reminding everyone
that they are all killers
but he promises the wife that if she
joins his side he will keep her alive
he asks the older man what side he's on
but the man doesn't speak
then he asks the woman next to him to
join him by playing on her feelings
about her family
the voting begins and ends with a
five-way tie between the blonde guy
the soldier cancer lady blonde woman and
the gay woman
only the blonde guy remains after the
revoke the deacon is crying and the
blonde guy continues with his strategy
then asks the pregnant woman for her
vote she says no
the guy in the back stays on his
position about the strategy
the deacon apologizes to the pregnant
girl and steps off
the guy in the back and the blonde guy
realized that they would need to change
strategies
so the blonde guy says to trade with him
for one of the girls and he'll give him
the fake wife
the voting begins and they all vote
except for the older man
the wife dies the guy from the back says
that the older man never voted during
the whole ordeal and he made it all the
way to where they are
the guy in the back and the blonde guy
argue about him with the first one
making the other one think they will all
vote for the older man
but him and the pregnant girl have an
understanding about who they will be
voting for
the zapper kills the blonde guy only
four of them remain
this time they will all vote for the
older man because they don't have
another choice
he does the guy is left with the two
girls and they talk about the reason why
all of it is happening
he says that maybe the aliens are
conducting an experiment to see what
humans are like and what matters to them
the pregnant girl asks why they would do
that by making them kill each other
so the guy answers that by choosing who
dies they can see the way people judge
each other and how they think
next he tell the two girls that the two
of them would have to decide which one
of them dies
he can't make that decision for them the
kid cries because she's made her
decision
she'll go for the sake of the baby he
tells her that they'll go together
but at the last minute when the kid
steps out of her circle he votes for the
pregnant girl
both girls fall over but nothing happens
he's still trapped in the room
another vote begins he curses the aliens
thinking that they'll kill him
regardless and he doesn't vote
when the beeping stops he sees that he's
tied with the baby and has to choose
between the baby and himself
he chooses the baby to die he wakes up
outside looking up at a spaceship
when he stands up he sees that there are
more than one of them
he played everyone in the room to get to
the last round of the voting circle
knowing what he would do if he got there
he saved himself
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching